hello my name is solange maldonado and this
it's another video of interpretation of
model and demystifying this in some
details that occur in the pants
in case we are here with some
jeans and we'll show you
For you, it's the style of pants and
mainly the coast is
remembering that whoever is wearing these
causes have the perfect body are
mannequins is what happens in the
their bodies are happening
will also happen at na in person
like an ordinary woman
ok this is a skinny pants right well
It's stuck tight to the body, so I
I'll show you guys here, look, let me
see how I can do this
It's better to fit here and look
in front of the trousers dressed tightly
on body
this pants she is modeled on the dummy
of wafer having legs then pulling
for the front side by shooting in the front
we pull the coast and get
cause the butt stay well
set you can make the
pants are seen as a glove at a
extremely tight pants and
You do not have to have strech now.
we'll see another pants ever
Longer straighter I've already come straight to the
butt look here look at such little pebbles
No, what happens and what is the
horror net all modeli be but
Is it that I take those little prongs as it is
that I do not do it because if
modeling is wide
these rules will exist may be that
be minimized by the biotype of
who invests for example the people who
He has a very pronounced butt that he has
a sort of lordosis in the spine is
these people are going to wear better
these causes because it will will pull to
up then and if those little prongs
they are not so evident
Here I am going to show you the side of the coast.
huh
let's see what looks forward to a pair of pants
it is easier to see that even in the
in front of her she gives a certain movement she has
an excess of tissue is due to the
modeling the model is not error
we have to learn to detect the
what is error and what comes from the model what is
movement of this has been another
pants pants flex
It's here and I think we have it
who on the side looks at the pebbles
inevitable
looks
that front is already a pair of pants
fitted at the waist then
here it no longer has the volume of tissue
The volume of having been hers is to the bar.
below the knee
Hey , look how she dressed right?
a pair of trousers behaved a beautiful house well
made and are pants decrif This is a
pants the maple with jeans is blue
I'll tell you what the others are.
also for you to see that you do not
it's anything I'm showing
on here
this one is a cause of win beckham
this is a blue jeans and pants
it is semi bag né was formerly bag né
today she is a pants I forgot the name
of this pants sincerity
this one is already a right of skinny jeans
Serious FOTA are then shaped trousers
where you can see that there is
to such a little thing in the wider pants
so we'll stick around I'll
leave with that image and let's
try to understand what is defective
what it is I detail is the result of
shape chosen for the part
and also what some movement wants
some people move a body to
see in the mirror is the coast part and there
talk but I know you're doing not her
she moved the rotational part of the
body and there in the mirror appeared some
thing that when English is
invested, then it's good to have
This is the understanding and know that
there you are producing a pants she
looks like this
you are not
she's never mad because if I
You 're already here, I'm going to fall into my pants.
skinny right
so if I just want to 'I have to
have a fully adjusted model
Okay, so we stayed here until the next
I hope you enjoy ruben
share spread like bad news ok
We're here for this so that
You can take advantage of this.
knowledge that we can exchange
This one has that back and forth.
're so good morning to all good good afternoon
night and until the next